Let's now also use the selected date and we already have the submit data method which is triggered
when we try to add the transaction. There right now, we're validating that we have a title and an amount
and if either of the two is missing, we return which means we don't submit the data.
Now I want to add a third condition which when it is false will also lead to this not being submitted
and that is of course that selected date is equal to null,
so it's not set.
If that is not set, then I also want to quit.
So if either of these three conditions is met, if we have no title, if the amount is below zero or equal
to zero or if we have no selected date, then we will return
and as an addition to avoid errors, if you don't even have an amount entered, so if you hit add transaction
here with nothing entered where you get an error right now, you can also add an initial check here and
check if _amountController.text is empty,
in that case this here would always fail,
then you can also return.
Now you can still fail if you enter some text that is not passable into the amount controller but that's
a case we can ignore for now, at least we now avoid errors because we try to submit an empty form
but back to submitting our date. In the end, the goal has to be that we pass our selected date here, the
datetime object to addTx, so to our add transaction function. The add transaction function in the end is of
course defined in main.dart, there we have add new transaction and at the moment, we're not expecting
a date here.
Of course we can change this,
we can accept a third argument which is of type datetime which is the chosen date and the chosen
date should now be used here instead of datetime
now as a date for the transaction and that should already be all we need to do.
This should allow us to pick a date and use it in the create a transaction.
So if I now add a title here, new shoes and a value of let's say 69.99, then at
the moment I also can't get to my date picker without closing the keyboard,
so we'll have to take care about this soon.
For now let's close the keyboard and now choose a date and
let's say yesterday. If I now add the transaction, that's looking good, it was added to yesterday not today
and now let's try another transaction, groceries for 15.86
let's say. Close that, choose a date and let's say that was on Sunday, and indeed that's added here
on Sunday and you see it only makes up a fraction of our total spendings.
Now the fact that we can't really get to our date picker here without manually closing the keyboard
is something we should also take care of
of course. For the moment, it's however something we can live with
and later, we'll learn about a technique or about a certain feature of Flutter that helps us with fixing
this problem here as well.